Grammer and other changes (#33)
strongbox/strongbox-docs: docs/user-guide/artifact-query-language.md

### Values

* _**Values**_ can be strings

  * Quoted with single quotes `'` when the value is more than one word (for example: `storage: storage0`, `layout: 'Maven 2'`)

>   * Separated with a comma `,` for multiple values; you can consider this the same as `IN` operator in SQL  (for example: `repository: releases, snapshots`, `layout: 'Maven 2', NuGet`)

Reviewer: `separated by a comma`

## How to use

> The easiest way to use AQL is by using the search bar in the user interface. Once you start writing, you will see suggestions

Reviewer: `The easiest way to use AQL` --> `The easiest way to use the AQL`.

## How to use

> The easiest way to use the AQL is by using the search bar in the user interface. As soon as you start typing, you will see suggestions based on what you've typed. You could also directly search via the REST API end-point.  

Reviewer 2: There should be no dash in `endpoint`. :)

```suggestion
The easiest way to use the AQL is by typing in the search bar in the user interface. As soon as you start typing, you will see suggestions based on what you've typed. You could also directly search via the REST API endpoint.  
```
